Update docs to mention B2C explicitly (#1266)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-android: docs/publicclientapplication.md

- Single Account Public Client Application - Which is intended to be used by applications that only expect one account to be in use at a time
  - For example: Line of business applications

> - Multiple Account Public Client Applications - Which is intended to be used by B2C applications and applications that expect their user to have multiple accounts and to want to use multiple accounts at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiple Account Public Client Applications - Which is intended to be used by B2C applications and any other application that expects a user to have multiple accounts and to want to use multiple accounts at the same time.
```
